Release notes and documentation for FAPI 2 (#22228)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/23_0_0.adoc

See the migration guide for more details.

= FAPI 2 drafts support

> Keycloak has new client profiles `fapi-2-security-profile` and `fapi-2-message-signing`, which ensure Keycloak to enforce compliance with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keycloak has new client profiles `fapi-2-security-profile` and `fapi-2-message-signing`, which ensure Keycloak enforces compliance with
```
